Update FPGA remove loop dependency readme (#1259)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/DPC++FPGA/Tutorials/DesignPatterns/loop_carried_dependency/README.md

   3. Compile for simulation (fast compile time, targets simulated FPGA device).
      ```
      make fpga_sim
      ```
   4. Compile for FPGA hardware (longer compile time, targets FPGA device).
      ```
      make fpga
      ```

    (Optional) The hardware compiles listed above can take several hours to complete; alternatively, you can download FPGA precompiled binaries (compatible with Linux* Ubuntu* 18.04) from [https://iotdk.intel.com/fpga-precompiled-binaries/latest/loop_carried_dependency.fpga.tar.gz](https://iotdk.intel.com/fpga-precompiled-binaries/latest/loop_carried_dependency.fpga.tar.gz).

### On Windows*

>**Note**: The Intel® FPGA PAC D5005 (with Intel Stratix® 10 SX) does not yet support Windows*. Compiling to FPGA hardware on Windows* requires a third-party or custom Board Support Package (BSP) with Windows* support.

1. Change to the sample directory.

> 2. Build the program for **Intel® FPGA PAC D5005 (with Intel Stratix® 10 SX)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build the program for **Intel® PAC with Intel Arria® 10 GX FPGA**.
```
